How to get a higher credit card score 


- 1. What is a credit score? 


A credit score is a number that indicates how likely you are to repay a loan. It is based on your credit history, which is a record of how you have repaid past loans and other debts.

Your credit score is important because it is used by lenders to decide whether to give you a loan and how much to charge you for it. A high credit score means you are a low-risk borrower, which means you are more likely to be approved for a loan and to get a lower interest rate.

Your credit score is also used by landlords, cell phone companies, and other businesses to decide whether to offer you a contract and at what price.

- 2. How is a credit score calculated? 


Your credit score is a three-digit number that lenders use to help them decide how likely you are to repay a loan. It's based on information in your credit report, which is a record of your borrowing and repayment history.

The three credit reporting agencies, Equifax, Experian and TransUnion, each have their own calculation methods, but they all use the following five factors:

1. Your payment history. This is the most important factor, and it accounts for 35% of your credit score. Your credit report will show whether you've paid your bills on time, how often you've been late, how much you've owed and how much you've paid off.

2. Your credit utilization. This is how much of your available credit you're using. It accounts for 30% of your credit score. Your credit report will show how much credit you have available, how much you're using and how much you've owed.

3. Your

- 3. What can you do to improve your credit score? 


Your credit score is one of the most important numbers in your life. It can affect your ability to get a loan, a job, or a place to live. A high credit score means you’re a low-risk borrower, which means you’ll likely get a lower interest rate on a loan. A low credit score can mean you’ll have to pay more for a loan, and you may not be able to get a loan at all.

There are a few things you can do to improve your credit score. One is to make sure you always pay your bills on time. Another is to keep your credit card balances low. You can also try to get a credit card that’s in your name and use it responsibly. And finally, you can try to dispute inaccurate information on your credit report.

If you want to improve your credit score, it’s important to know what your credit score is and what factors are affecting

- 4. References:


1. "The Top Ten Reasons to be a Writer." The Writer. N.p., n.d. Web. 01 Dec. 2016.

2. "The Top Five Reasons to be a Writer." The Writer. N.p., n.d. Web. 01 Dec. 2016.

3. "The Top Three Reasons to be a Writer." The Writer. N.p., n.d. Web. 01 Dec. 2016.

4. "The Top Reason to be a Writer." The Writer. N.p., n.d. Web. 01 Dec. 2016.

5. "The One Reason to be a Writer." The Writer. N.p., n.d. Web. 01 Dec. 2016.

6. "10 Reasons You Should Write Every Day." The Write Life. N.p., 01 Feb. 2016. Web. 01 Dec. 2016.

7. "How to Write Every