How to build your credit card score 


- 1. What is a credit score? 


A credit score is a three-digit number that reflects a person’s creditworthiness. The score is calculated by using a person’s credit report information, which is collected by credit bureaus. The score is used by lenders to determine a person’s credit risk and to decide what interest rate to charge for a loan. 

The higher the credit score, the less risky the borrower is considered to be. That means the person is more likely to repay the loan on time and less likely to default. A credit score of 720 or above is considered to be excellent, while a score of 580 or below is considered to be poor. 

Credit scores are used in a variety of ways beyond just getting a loan. Employers, landlords, and insurance companies may also use a person’s credit score to decide whether to offer them a job, rent them an apartment, or provide them with insurance. 

Credit scores can be improved

- 2. How to get your credit score 


Your credit score is a three-digit number that is calculated by credit bureaus, such as Experian, Equifax and TransUnion. The score is designed to represent your creditworthiness and is used by lenders to determine your interest rate for a loan.

Your credit score is based on a variety of factors, including your payment history, credit utilization, length of credit history and new credit inquiries. The higher your score, the more likely you are to be approved for a loan and receive a lower interest rate.

There are a few things you can do to improve your credit score. First, make sure you always make on-time payments. Second, keep your credit utilization below 30% – this means that you should not have more than $30,000 in debt spread out across all of your credit cards. Third, try to maintain a long credit history – the longer you have been using credit, the better your score will be. Lastly, avoid opening too many

- 3. How to improve your credit score 


Your credit score is a three digit number that lenders use to determine your creditworthiness. It is a representation of your credit history, and is calculated using information from your credit report. Your credit score is important, as it can affect your ability to get a loan, a credit card, or a mortgage.

There are a number of things you can do to improve your credit score. One of the most important is to make sure that you always pay your bills on time. Late payments can have a negative impact on your credit score. You should also try to keep your credit utilization low. This means that you should not use more than 30% of your available credit. You can improve your credit score by opening a new credit account and using it responsibly. You can also improve your score by maintaining a good credit history. This means that you should not open too many new accounts at once, and you should make sure that you always pay your bills on time.

If you are

- 4. References:


1. L.A. Times. (2015, September 26). Opinion | The real war on women is in the Republican Party. Retrieved from http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-0927-karen-engelbrecht-20150927-story.html

2. Republican National Committee. (2015, October 1). The war on women is real. Retrieved from http://www.gop.com/the-war-on-women-is-real/

3. U.S. Department of Labor. (n.d.). The wage gap myth. Retrieved from https://www.dol.gov/wb/factsheets/QandA_WageGapMyth_508.htm

4. National Partnership for Women and Families. (2015, September). The wage gap: 2016. Retrieved from https://www.nationalpartnership.org/research